Fix spelling and grammar errors in 0.32.0 changelog (#891)
jstasiak/python-zeroconf: README.rst

0.32.0 (Unreleased)
===================

This release offers 100% line and branch coverage.

* Made ServiceInfo first question QU (#852) @bdraco

  We want an immediate response when requesting with ServiceInfo
  by asking a QU question; most responders will not delay the response

>   and respond rightaway to our question. This also improves compatibility

Author: ```suggestion
  and respond right away to our question. This also improves compatibility
```
